Doc(eos_designs): Add warning about WAN BGP peer groups password (#4265)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_designs/docs/how-to/wan.md

- `bgp_peer_groups.wan_overlay_peers.listen_range_prefixes`: To set the ranges of IP address from which to expect BGP peerings for the WAN. Include the VTEP ranges for all routers connecting to this patfinder.

!!! warning

>     When configuring a password on the `wan_overlay_peers` BGP peer group, and
>     in the case where there are multiple pathinders in full-mesh with peering IP
>     addresses overlaping with the `bgp_peer_groups.wan_overlay_peers.listen_range_prefixes` prefixes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When configuring a password on the `wan_overlay_peers` BGP peer group,
    it may also be required to set a password for the `wan_rr_overlay_peers` BGP peer group.
    This is required in the case where one or more pathfinders use the same VTEP IP range as the edge routers.
```

>     it is necessary to also add a password on the `wan_rr_overlay_peers` BGP
>     peer group or the peerings will not come up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the password is not set, the static BGP peerings between Pathfinders may not come up.
```
